Added Additional Info About Integration Managing (#1370)
magento/merchdocs: src/system/integrations.md

   - Enter the **Identity Link URL** to redirect the users to a third-party account with these Magento integration credentials.

>    - Enter the current Admin User password into **Your Password** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - When prompted, enter **Your Password** to confirm your identity.
```

1. When complete, click **Save**.

> ## Activating an integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Activate an integration
```

> By default, when the integration was saved, it appears on the grid in _Inactive_ status. To activate it, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, a saved integration appears on the grid with an _Inactive_ status. To activate it, complete the following steps:
```

> 1. Find created integration on grid **System** > _Extensions_ > **Integrations**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **System** > _Extensions_ > **Integrations**.
```

> 1. Click the **Activate** link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find the newly created integration and click the **Activate** link.
```

> 1. In the upper-right corner click the **Allow** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the upper-right corner, click <span class="btn">Allow</span>.
```

>    Integration Tokens for Extensions will be appeared:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This displays the Integration Tokens for Extensions. Copy this information to a secure, encrypted location for use with your integration.
```

   ![Integration Tokens for Extensions]({% link images/images/integration-tokens-for-extensions.png %}){: .zoom}
   _Integration Tokens for Extensions_

> 1. In the upper-right corner click the **Done** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the upper-right corner, click <span class="btn">Done</span>.
```

See [Restricting access to anonymous web APIs][2]{:target="_blank"} in the Magento developer documentation.

> ## Delete an Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Delete an integration
```

> ## Deleting an Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Delete an integration
```

> 1. Find created integration on grid **System** > _Extensions_ > **Integrations**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **System** > _Extensions_ > **Integrations**.
```

> 1. Click the delete icon in **Delete** column

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find the existing integration and click the icon ( ![trashcan icon]({% link images/images/btn-trashcan2.png %}) ) in the **Delete** column.
```

> 1. Confirm your action by clicking **OK**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To confirm your action, click <span class="btn">OK</span>.
```
